RHIDP-1756 Test Day - cosmetic fixes (#128)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: installation/proc-install-rhdh-operator.adoc

. Create a project in OpenShift for your {product} instance. For more information about creating a project in OpenShift, see link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.14/applications/projects/working-with-projects.html#odc-creating-projects-using-developer-perspective_projects[Red Hat OpenShift documentation].
. From the Developer perspective in the Red Hat OpenShift web console, click the *+Add* tab.
. From the *Developer Catalog* panel, click *Operator Backed*.

> . Search for Developer Hub or Backstage in the search bar and select the *Red Hat Developer Hub* card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Search for Developer Hub or Backstage in the search bar and select the *{product}* card.
```

. Click *Create*.

> . Optionally, configure the {product} instance with non-default settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optionally, configure the {product-short} instance with non-default settings.
```
